Validation: Updated ms.author field and H1s. (#215)
MicrosoftDocs/OData-docs: Odata-docs/odatalib/v7/additional-prefer-header.md

---
title: "Add additional prefer header webapi v7"

> description: "Describes creating request message with preferred header."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Describes how to create a request message with preferred header."
```
